>> Scott Moss: Dates.
So, basically,
if you don't wanna use ints, floats, or
strings for dates then come over
to Google, date scalar GQL.
And I'm sure there's tons of them so
let's see,
custom scalars, GraphQL,
I bet there's one right here.
Data Scalar, yep,
there's literally example in
the documentation of creating
a date scalar that you can use.
So, basically, what you have to do is just
like we create resolvers for queries and
types, and fields you have to
create a resolver for a scalar.
So you can make a new scalar with this
syntax like saying scalar date then you
just need to make a resolver for it using
the new graphqlscolortype from Graph QL.
And, basically,
you just need to describe three functions.
What happens when that value is parsed.
What happens when that
value is serialized,
like when it's sent to the client.
And what happen when it's
literally parse from the AST.
So once you define those three functions
then you now have a new scalar and
this way you can create
any scalar you want.
I mean, you could literally
create URL scalar, email scalar,
you can do validations in here for
[INAUDIBLE], URLs, and emails.
You can do whatever you want,
you can make whatever scalar you want and
then you can use them in
your schema like that.
So there's tons of packages like that,
but a date one is pretty simple,
you can even copy and paste that one.